Thanks to the Internet, we can
store information online from
one device and access it from
another device almost instantly.
This is commonly referred to as
storing Information in the
cloud.
The cloud is basically a
collection of software services
that are running in multiple
locations on the Internet
instead of running on a single
user's computer.
That means that the storing
content in the cloud makes it
easy to access your information
from any device in any location
where you have Internet access.
Some cloud based services you
might have heard of include
Dropbox, Apple's iCloud Drive,
Google Drive, and Microsoft
OneDrive.
So, for example, instead of
saving your important documents
and other files to your
computer, you can save them to
OneDrive, which will allow you
to get to them from anywhere.
This means that if you're
working on a file on your home
computer and save it to
OneDrive, and later you're on
the road with only your mobile
phone, you can still access and
download that file through
OneDrive on your phone.
In this charter, we'll take a
look at how to save and access
files from OneDrive, but you'll
find that the process of doing
so is very similar to working
with other Cloudbased services.